<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 1: The Secret Grid</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Chapter 1: The Secret Grid</h1>
<p class="chapter-subtitle">A Feynman Audiobook Chapter</p>

<hr/>

<p>You know what's interesting about the computer screen you're looking at right now? Every letter, every number, every space is sitting in its own invisible parking space - exactly the same size as every other character. Whether it's a skinny little 'i' or a wide capital 'M', they all get the same amount of room. It's like having a parking lot where every space is exactly the same size, whether you're parking a Smart car or a pickup truck.</p>

<p>Now, you might think this is just how computers naturally work, but here's the thing - it's completely artificial. It's the result of decisions made by a handful of engineers in windowless rooms back in the 1960s, when most people had never seen a computer and the Beatles were just getting started.</p>

<p>Let me tell you the story of how this invisible grid came to rule the world of computing. It's one of those stories where a bunch of smart people had to solve an impossible problem with the tools they had available, and somehow their solution became so fundamental that we still live with it today, fifty years later.</p>

<p>Here's what happened.</p>

<h2>The Problem Nobody Saw Coming</h2>

<p>Picture this: It's 1963, and computers are these room-sized monsters that cost as much as houses. Different companies are building different machines, and here's the crazy part - they literally can't talk to each other. It's like if every car manufacturer built their own private roads that only their cars could drive on.</p>

<p>IBM had one way of representing the letter 'A' inside their computers. Burroughs had a completely different way. Honeywell? They had their own system too. There were over 60 different ways that computers could represent the same simple alphabet that you learned in kindergarten.</p>

<p>Now imagine you're Bob Bemer - that's a real person, by the way, and he was one of those engineers who stayed up all night thinking about problems that most people didn't even know existed. Bemer worked at IBM, and he realized something that was both obvious and terrifying: if computers couldn't agree on something as basic as the letter 'A', how were they ever going to work together?</p>

<p>This wasn't just a technical problem - it was like the Tower of Babel, but for machines.</p>

<p><em>[Content continues with the full chapter text...]</em></p>

</body>
</html>